OSDOCS#10935: Release notes for BYOIP (#77609)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

With this release, you can prevent the `kubeadmin` password from being displayed in the console after the installation by using the `--skip-password-print` flag during cluster creation. The password remains accessible in the `auth` directory.

[id="ocp-4-16-installation-and-update-byoip_{context}"]
==== Bring your own IPv4 (BYOIP) feature enabled for installation on AWS

> With this release, you can enable bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP) feature when installing on AWS by using a public IPv4 pool ID to allocate Elastic IPs (EIPs). You must ensure that you have the xref:../installing//installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-permissions_installing-aws-account[required permissions] to enable BYOIP. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.adoc#installation-configuration-parameters-optional-aws_installation-config-parameters-aws[Optional AWS configuration parameters].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, you can enable bring your own public IPv4 addresses (BYOIP) feature when installing on AWS by using a public IPv4 pool ID to allocate Elastic IPs (EIPs). You must ensure that you have the xref:../installing//installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-permissions_installing-aws-account[required permissions] to enable BYOIP. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.adoc#installation-configuration-parameters-optional-aws_installation-config-parameters-aws[Optional AWS configuration parameters].
```

Reviewer: overall LGTM. Should we need to mention the AWS docs here to cross-ref our feature implementation with AWS service that the feature is using?

[1] https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/76834/files#diff-14ebe576efb84b2f58b32a0de2996fced237204ae9b091e3cafbd40b65c1ef31R1013
[2] `For more information about bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP) in AWS, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-byoip.html#byoip-onboard[Onboard your BYOIP]`

Author: Thanks @mtulio!
Since we are documenting release notes for our docs, which in turn are pointing to the AWS docs, IMO, the current approach seems fine.

For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7065136[OpenShift-based Appliance Builder User Guide].

[id="ocp-4-16-installation-and-update-byoip_{context}"]
==== Bring your own IPv4 (BYOIP) feature enabled for installation on AWS

> With this release, you can enable bring your own public IPv4 addresses (BYOIP) feature when installing on AWS by using the `publicIpv4Pool` field to allocate Elastic IPs (EIPs). You must ensure that you have the xref:../installing//installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-permissions_installing-aws-account[required permissions] to enable BYOIP. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.adoc#installation-configuration-parameters-optional-aws_installation-config-parameters-aws[Optional AWS configuration parameters].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this release, you can enable bring your own public IPv4 addresses (BYOIP) feature when installing on AWS by using the `publicIpv4Pool` field to allocate Elastic IP addresses (EIP). You must ensure that you have the xref:../installing//installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-permissions_installing-aws-account[required permissions] to enable BYOIP. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.adoc#installation-configuration-parameters-optional-aws_installation-config-parameters-aws[Optional AWS configuration parameters].
```
See ISG" https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#i
